IBX-4625: TaxonomyEntry/Assignment fields description added in Developer-Documentation (#1841)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/field_types/field_type_reference/taxonomyentryfield.md

# TaxonomyEntry Field Type

TaxonomyEntry is a general purpose Field Type that can store only one taxonomy entry (for example, tag or product category). 
It is used as a parent while creating a tag or category.

| Name           | Internal name         | Expected input |
|----------------|-----------------------|----------------|
| `TaxonomyEntry`| `ibexa_taxonomy_entry`| `array`|

## PHP API Field Type 

### Input expectations

> Field type `TaxonomyEntry` accepts an array with Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object.
> 
> | Type            | Example         |
> |-----------------|-----------------|
> | `TaxonomyEntry` | See below. |
> 
> Example array:
> 
> ``` php
> new FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value(
> 	new TaxonomyEntry(
>             ...
>         )
> );
> ```

Reviewer: I looked into Matrix FieldType documentation and I'd change it accordingly:

````suggestion
| Type     | Description | Example         |
|--------|-----------------|-----------------|
| `array` | array with `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object under `taxonomy_entry` key | see below. |

Example using `Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value` object:

``` php
$taxonomyEntry = $this->taxonomyService->loadEntryByIdentifier('example_entry', 'tags');

new \Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value(
	new TaxonomyEntry(
            $taxonomyEntry
        )
);
```

Example using array:
``` php
[
    'taxonomy_entry' => $taxonomyEntry, // load Entry using TaxonomyService
]
```
````

### Value object

#### Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|--------|----|-----------|
|`$taxonomyEntry`|`Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry|null`|Stores selected taxonomy entry.|

#### Constructor

Constructor accepts `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object.

``` php
// Constructor example
use Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry;

// Fetches TaxonomyEntry from TaxonomyService
$taxonomyEntry = $this->taxonomyService->loadEntryByIdentifier('example_entry', 'tags');
 
// Instantiates a checkbox value with a checked state
$taxonomyEntryFieldTypeValue = new TaxonomyEntry\Value($taxonomyEntry);
```
#### String representation

`$taxonomyEntry` string identifier or empty string if no Taxonomy Entry is selected.

#### Hash format

> An array with `taxonomy_entry` key containing Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object or null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array with `taxonomy_entry` key containing `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object or `null`.
```

# TaxonomyEntry Field Type

`TaxonomyEntry` is a general purpose Field Type that can store only one taxonomy entry (for example, tag or product category). 

> It is used as a parent while creating a tag or category.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is used as a parent for a tag or category.
```
maybe?

| Name           | Internal name         | Expected input |
|----------------|-----------------------|----------------|

> | `TaxonomyEntry`| `ibexa_taxonomy_entry`| `TaxonomyEntry`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `TaxonomyEntry`| `ibexa_taxonomy_entry`| `array`|
```

## PHP API Field Type 

### Input expectations

> Field type `TaxonomyEntry` accepts Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field type `TaxonomyEntry` accepts an array with Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object.
```

> Field type `TaxonomyEntry` accepts an array with Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `TaxonomyEntry` Field accepts an array with an `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object.
```

| Type     | Description | Example         |
|--------|-----------------|-----------------|

> | `array` | array with `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object under `taxonomy_entry` key | see below |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `array` | array with a `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object under the `taxonomy_entry` key | see below |
```

> Example using `Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value` object:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example using an `Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value` object:

```

``` php

> new FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value(
> 	new TaxonomyEntry(
>             1,
>             'foobar',
>             'Foobar',
>             'eng-GB',
>             [
>                 'eng-GB' => 'Foobar',
>             ],
>             null,
>             new Content(),
>             'tags',
>         )
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new FieldType\TaxonomyEntry\Value(
	new TaxonomyEntry(
            ...
        )
);
```
There is no need to manually construct TaxonomyEntry object because this is normally fetched from `TaxonomyService`.

```

### Value object

#### Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|--------|----|-----------|

> |`$taxonomyEntry`|`null`|Stores selected taxonomy entry.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`$taxonomyEntry`|`Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry|null`|Stores selected taxonomy entry.|
```

#### Constructor

Constructor accepts `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object.

``` php

> // Constructor example
> use Ibexa\Core\FieldType\Checkbox\Type;
>  
> // Instantiates a checkbox value with a checked state
> $checkboxValue = new Checkbox\Value( true );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Constructor example
use \Ibexa\Taxonomy\FieldType\TaxonomyEntry;

// Fetches TaxonomyEntry from TaxonomyService
$taxonomyEntry = $this->taxonomyService->loadEntryByIdentifier('example_entry', 'tags');
 
// Instantiates a checkbox value with a checked state
$taxonomyEntryFieldTypeValue = new TaxonomyEntry\Value($taxonomyEntry);

```

> |`$taxonomyEntry`|`Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry|null`|Stores selected taxonomy entry.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`taxonomyEntry`|`Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry|null`|Stores selected taxonomy entry.|
```

> Constructor accepts `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The constructor accepts an `Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry` object.
```

```
#### String representation

> An ISBN's string representation is the `$taxonomyEntry` property's value, as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$taxonomyEntry` string identifier or empty string if no Taxonomy Entry is selected
```

> `$taxonomyEntry` string identifier or empty string if no Taxonomy Entry is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`taxonomyEntry` string identifier or empty string if no Taxonomy Entry is selected.
```

#### Hash format

An array with `taxonomy_entry` key containing Ibexa\Contracts\Taxonomy\Value\TaxonomyEntry object or null.

#### Validation

No validation.

#### Settings

The Field definition of this Field Type can be configured with the following options:

|Name|Type|Default value|Description|
|------|------|------|------|
|`taxonomy`|`string`|`null`|Taxonomy from which you choose an entry.|

#### Template rendering

> The Measurement field is rendered with the [`ibexa_render_field()`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_render_field) Twig function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TaxonomyEntry field is rendered with the [`ibexa_render_field()`](field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_render_field) Twig function.
```
